release: v1.58.0 (#6298)
apollographql/router: .changesets/maint_bnjjj_fix_supergraph_events_span.md

> ### Don't create a stub span for supergraph events if it already has a current span ([PR #6096](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6096))
> 
> Don't create useless span when we already have a span available to use the span's extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fix creating stub span for supergraph events if current span exists ([PR #6096](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6096))

The router optimized its telemetry implementation by not creating a redundant span when it already has a span available to use the span's extensions for supergraph events.
```
